Update FAQ with examples for space aggregation (#6753)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/dashboards/faq/i-m-switching-between-the-sum-min-max-avg-aggregators-but-the-values-look-the-same.md

For example, let's say you break down web requests by `host` and `path`, where you'll get a series for each combination. The data at a particular time may look like:

| Metric Name   | Tags                   | Value  | 
|---------------|------------------------|--------|
| web.requests  | host: a, path: /test1  | 5      |
| web.requests  | host: a, path: /test2  | 3      |
| web.requests  | host: b, path: /test1  | 2      |
| web.requests  | host: b, path: /test2  | 8      |

You'll get different results per aggregation method when grouping by `host`, since there are two series per `host` that must be combined.

| Query                            | host: a  | host: b  | 
|----------------------------------|----------|----------|
| `sum:web.requests(*) by {host}`  | 8        | 10       |
| `min:web.requests(*) by {host}`  | 3        | 2        |
| `max:web.requests(*) by {host}`  | 5        | 8        |
| `avg:web.requests(*) by {host}`  | 4        | 5        |

> In this same example if you grouped by `host` **and** `path` this will result in 4 series where the `sum`/`min`/`max`/`avg` will be the same per series. As that is the most granular level for this data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this same example if you group by `host` **and** `path`, this results in four series where the `sum`/`min`/`max`/`avg` will be the same per series as that is the most granular level for this data.
```
